hi to all friends it's black
scorpion and today I'm gone
with aardman the hard man my barbarin
hardcore armageddon for fences
it's the extreme mode in French it's
to say that it's a mode if when you
die your character is destroyed at
all in all so basically
basically you really have to play safe and
do not go to the fluffy years and
at least ten times on an elite pact
to kill him finally so here I was
where I was at zoltan cool friends
finally I would have been there I was not there
I subject you are magda in the last
video and there I am going to hit olten cool
but I swear to you I urgently galley you
I galley to death for advancing so far to
every time I have to go back
spend 15 minutes on monsters
to kill them sometimes I'm close to death
it's quite stressful
so there zoltan cool very sincerely I
do not know if I'm going to kill him and like
any boss or semi bump we can not
leave the arena when trying to
kill we can not stop for bach
so it's going to be very very serious I
quickly show you my stuff if you
want
so I can not buy more
other purposes items better because
as soon as you look for items with a little
of force or 8 eur and the resi
elementary it is extremely expensive
and there I do not even have the money from them for
replace just one piece of
buy me a ring recently to have
1 additional 42 elemental mesh
but it's extremely expensive
that is the stuff so I have trouble
to climb up to climb into the
armagh mast in the hardcore mode and
for to hit harder and it's finally
in short it left the friends I have the
not done alone it's really
the first time I do it in
hardcore armageddon so I freak out a
little I check I touched my Templars
at 1700 dps it's already pretty good
I have put it quite nice stuff
tosh these parties so I have how many
peace to 200 miles good then there
really i'm freaking i really do not know
what is it going to give a little scream up
enough animation then cool zoltan for
those who do not know it is necessary
watch out for his whirlwind game
and his fireball hiccups my
Templars is done on one shot
it wants to say almost everything so I
really do not know how I'm going
tackle the thing at the crates and type
on me so that hurts also the
the falling stones so why
I turn I feel a little the ground
I 'm trying to get away from zoltan cool
this is his henchmen it hurts go I
put me in super sayen mode so that's it
going to be complicated it's really being
complicated since it hurts
badly my friends it hurts
go see everything we see everything kill it
kill him kill him kill him before my neighborhood
this is perfect ayad eclogue perfect he
must know how to play with the globes must
to know rejane with the globes my friends
it hurts
zoltan bullshit cool then the globes
obviously they are all in the same place
so triggered a hot wind pts 10 and
good by there good I think I'm going
succeed in doing so unless I
take both the tornado his ball of
fire and scree I do not risk big
thing I managed to do the most
difficult
apart is these twelve birla these
two big bollene normally he should
not be worried I confess that
I was a bit freaked out when I saw my
time can make a one shot
so that hurts you see
luckily I do not care a little bit young
loeb next door I could have kept if I
wanted to play seriously
hop
it hurts but good as sir
when I'm in the cell that's it
go see the tornado it hurts
do the tension go my friends I know
you want to see other bump
so I have to succeed zoltan
cool because the next you to him
its subsidiaries if I say no nonsense and
Belial is one of those who will do
really scared because it's
meteor bombardment that makes it
really really bad and that's
extremely difficult to avoid
and that's what
right now is going to give me the
more challenge in France and what is it
I think he'll give me the most
challenge will see what it gives
go take that in your everything and like
looks like the buyer when that in your
maybe to thank you little Templars or the
swimming little potions never knows
we're going to swing everything super mode
sayen activates and dies in hell and sees
the first time I'm doing it right
there are no fashion assets since on
zoltan cool must not be there but
this is the first time I do I
assure you there is and I pass
the event good I succeed them
I'm pretty proud of myself because seen
the broken arms stuff that I had was
not given up to heaven still hurt
the tornadoes speak to nothing at the camp
hide so as usual I'm not going
you spy from following either you the
know either you do not want
have it anyway so here I do my
little my staff mate of the evening I
killed salt it flows and my friends I say
I'll see you soon for the next one
boss or semi boss of this armageddon mode
guard the friends of charles geers
black scorpion age of noise has
more